feat: flexible version specifiers (#236)
eclipse-velocitas/cli: README.md

This is where the CLI comes in - it manages everything in your repo which is not related to your _Vehicle App_'s source code as packages which are maintained by the _Velocitas_ team. The CLI allows you to download the latest versions and integrate the latest changes with ease.

> It also comes on a mix and match basis: You need more than the native, default runtime? Simply add the kanto runtime to your project. Ever want to migrate from Github to Gitee? Simply switch packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also comes on a mix and match basis: You need more than the native, default runtime? Simply add the Kanto runtime to your project. Ever want to migrate from Github to Gitee? Simply switch packages.
```

- OS Recommendation is e.g. Ubuntu >= 22.04
- python3 (If not default in your environment create a symlink or use `python-is-python3`)
- `wget`, `build-essential`, `glibc`, `git` need to be installed

## Project configuration

> 

Reviewer: Below (in the paragraph behind the .velocitas.json code snippet) it's stated: "In a future feature addition, we will allow arbitrary git repository URLs in the name field."
Isn't that something, we already support?

}
```

> As mentioned previously, a package simply is a git repository. The `repo` attribute of a package is used to identify the git repository which holds the package. `repo` is currently resolved to `https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/<name>` otherwise e.g. `https://github.com/OWNER/REPO.git` is supported. The `version` attribute specifies a tag, a branch or a SHA of the repository.

Reviewer 2: Actually an arbitrary git URL is supported in both https and ssh: forms

> As mentioned previously, a package simply is a git repository. The `repo` attribute of a package is used to identify the git repository which holds the package. `repo` is currently resolved to `https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/<name>` otherwise e.g. `https://github.com/OWNER/REPO.git` or `git@github.com/OWNER/REPO.git` is supported. The `version` attribute specifies a tag, a branch or a SHA of the repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As mentioned previously, a package simply is a git repository. The `repo` attribute of a package is used to identify the git repository which holds the package. `repo` is currently resolved to `https://github.com/eclipse-velocitas/<name>`. Alternatively, you can also supply a fully qualified Git repo URL e.g. `https://<your-host>/<your-repo>.git` or `git@<your-host>/<your-repo>.git`. Credentials for HTTPs and SSH based git repos are provided by your local git configuration (CLI is using Git under the hood). The `version` attribute specifies a tag, a branch or a SHA of the repository.
```
